# Data Definition Language for MongoDB delinquency DataBase

Every document has it's own and unique **_id**: `ObjectId` automatically generated by MongoDB.

## Collection: tweets

- **coordinates**: {

  ​	*latitude*: `double`,

  ​	*longitude*: `double`

  }: Coordinates from where the tweet was posted. Same as `coordinates` field returned in the Twitter API.

- **created_at**: `date` Date from the day the tweet was posted. Same as `created_at` field returned in the Twitter API.

- **fav_count**: `int` Number of likes or favourites the tweet has received. Same as `favourite_count` field returned in the Twitter API.

- **retweet_count**: `int` Number of retweets of the tweet. Same as `retweet_count` filed returned in the Twitter API.

- **tweet_id**: `int` Twitter numeric id of the tweet. Same as `id` field returned in the Twitter API.

- **lang**: `int` Code of the tweet lang. Codes:

  - `0`: "es", Español.
  - `1`: "en", English.
  - `2`: Something else

- **text**: `string` The tweet itself.

- **place**: {

  ​	_name_: `string` Name of the place where the tweet was posted,

  ​	*type*: `string` Type of place (city, street, avenue, etc...)

  ​	*id* : `int` CATEGORICAL VARIABLE, number of the place

  }

## Collection: places

- **name**: `string` Short name of the place.

- **full_name**: `string` Full name of the place.

- **bounding_box**: {

  ​	*coordinates*: `array[double]`,

  ​	*type*: `string`

  }

- **url**: `string` URL to a json file from twitter.

- **type**: `string` type of place (city, street, avenue, etc...)

## Collection: pgj

# TODO

